test/new_visualize_flow/fixtures/es_archiver/kibana/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/api_integration/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects/usage_counters/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/api_integration/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects/ui_counters/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/api_integration/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects/delete_unknown_types/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_$KIBANA_PACKAGE_VERSION_001",
test/api_integration/fixtures/es_archiver/management/saved_objects/scroll_count/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_$KIBANA_PACKAGE_VERSION_001",
test/api_integration/fixtures/es_archiver/management/saved_objects/search/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_$KIBANA_PACKAGE_VERSION_001",
test/api_integration/fixtures/es_archiver/search/count/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/discover/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_$KIBANA_PACKAGE_VERSION_001",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects_imports/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/deprecations_service/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_$KIBANA_PACKAGE_VERSION_001",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects_management/nested_export_transform/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_$KIBANA_PACKAGE_VERSION_001",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects_management/hidden_types/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects_management/hidden_saved_objects/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_$KIBANA_PACKAGE_VERSION_001",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects_management/visible_in_management/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_$KIBANA_PACKAGE_VERSION_001",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects_management/export_transform/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_$KIBANA_PACKAGE_VERSION_001",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects_management/show_relationships/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects_management/edit_saved_object/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/saved_objects_management/export_exclusion/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/management/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/dashboard/legacy/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/dashboard/legacy_ccs/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/timelion/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
test/functional/fixtures/es_archiver/empty_kibana/mappings.json:    "index": ".kibana_1",
